Doing Good in a Better Way
Memorandum of Understanding
between
A11 India Council for Technical
Education
and
CSRBOX Group
( Repre s en te d bv Ren aly si s
:i;lffii:,;lJ:,tiif"?,n., M ah akar E du cation an d
Date: l2th September, 20.25
4*ile ff
//\) .r-.r,- \/\
. ATCTE
i^8^i

-- 1 of 6 --

a
FOR THE PROMOTION & COOPERATION ON ESTABLISHMENT OF CSR
PROJECTS FACILITATION UNIT (cPFUl and csR support for industry-
academica connect By CSRBOX GROUP
This Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) entered on this day of 12th Septem
2025.
BY AND BETWEEN
All India Council for Technical Education, a Statutory Body of Ministry of
Education, Government of India, established under the A11 India Council for
Technical Education Act, 1987(52 of 1987) for the growth and promotion of
Technical Education in India having its headquarter at Nelson Mandela Marg,
Vasant Kunj, New Delhi-l10070," (hereinafter referred as AICTEI
And
CSRBOX Group .(represented by Renalysis Consultants R/t Ltd and Shri
Mahakal Education and Charitable Trust Rajkot), having its corporate office at
A-4O4-4O5, Swati Trinity, Applewood Township, Shela, Sarkhej-Okaf,
Ahmedabad, Gujarat - 380058, s India's leading CSR and social impact advisory
organization, specializing in CSR implementation, strategr consulting, skilling
programs, and large-scale public-private partnerships across sectors.
(lwreinafier referred as CSRBOX Groupl
CSRBOX Group and AICTE shall hereinafter are referred to individually as a
"Party" and collectively as 6Parties'. Both Parties have reached the following
understanding to collaborate as per below described articles of this MoU:
1. Purpose and Scope of collaboration
CSRBOX Group and AICTE are interested in working together with mutual
collaboration to give each other's strengths in faculty development programme,
student development prograrnme, institutional capacity building, research
project developments, pilot projects considering the long-term benefits of sharing
the knowledge and resources and establish a strong collaboration
The mutually agreed activities by and between the parties are as under:
1. Strengthening AICTE's National Internship Framework through CSR-
supported industry engagement and mentorship programs.
2. Development of Centres of Excellence (CoEs) in emerging technologies,
including setting up R&D labs and innovation hubs.
nya^,* (J' ({

-- 2 of 6 --

3. Creation of a cen trahzed, CSR Facilitation Unit at AICTE by CSRBOX
Group to modilize corporate partnerships and manage project
engagements.
4. Hosting national-level hackathon3 and innovation showcases, including
contributing towards the AICTE Smart India Hackathon.
5. Organizing capacity-building workshops, industry-led sessions, and
stakeholder roundtable s.
6. Acting as industry knowledge partner for AICTE on faculty and student
development, institutional capacity building, research, and innovation.
7. Branding and visibility for CPFU-supported initiatives will be mutually
agreed upon and promoted through AICTE and CSRBOX channels
8. CSRBOX Group to act as knowledge partner of AICTE related to faculty &
student development, institutional capacity building, research and
innovation development and provide its expertise to design and conduct
programs accordingly.
9. Providing reciprocal access to each Party's knowledge base.
10. Organizingjoint events, workshops, conferences, and training programs.
2. Role of AICTE
1. Provide workspace and administrative support for two CSR Fellows deployed
by CSRBOX Group at AICTE Headquarters.
2. Facilitate coordination with AICTE departments and affiliated institutions.
3. Endorse CPFU-curated initiatives for operational rollout.
4. Enable access to AICTE's National Internship Portal and related databases
in compliance with data norms.
5. Support integration of project-based learning and skilling initiatives.
6. Promote CPFU initiatives across AICTE's platforms and channels.
7. Nominate AICTE representatives for key CPFU-led events and roundtables.
8. Assist in shortlisting institutions for CSR interventions.
71* (fi,

-- 3 of 6 --

9. Provide strategic guidance on alignment with national skilling and education
policies.
10. Assign Single Points of Contact (SPOCs) within AICTE departments to
facilitate proposal review and approvals.
11. Support branding and outreach activities related to CPFU programs.
3. Role of CSRBOX Group
1. Deploy two full-time CSR Fellows at AICTE at no financial cost to AICTE.
2. Mobilize CSR funding and corporate partnerships aligned with AICTE's
strategic education goals.
3. Connect and curate internship, mentoring, and skilling opportunities for
students.
4. Organize student outreach campaigns to achieve 2 lakh+ engagement targets
annually.
5. Establish Centres of Excellence in AICTE approved institutions with CSR
support.
6. Design and manage national hackathons and innovation showcases.
7. Facilitate industry-academia collaborations for real-world project
integration.
B. Develop and maintain real-time dashboards for project monitoring.
9. Submit quarterly and annual reports to AICTE.
10. Ensure strict data privacy compliance under IT Act, 20OO, and AICTE
guidelines.
11.Create communication material, impact reports, and success stories to
enhance CPFU visibility.
12. Submit documentation of hackathons, innovations, and research outcomes.
ts. Deliverables Management: CSRBOX Group shall be responsible for the
following key deliverables under the CPFU collaboration:
. Real-time project dashboards
o Bi-annual and annual impact reports
o Event outcome reports, including hackathons, workshops, and
showcases
. Documentation of best practices and case studies
. Knowledge Resource Repository (training modules, PBL material,
workshop content)
. Database of Mobilized Students and CSR Partners (quarterly updated)
fi,1a'* ftfr-
I
(k

-- 4 of 6 --

Innovation and Yackathon Compendium (problem statements, winners,
impact)
. Centre of Excellence Setup Reports (location-specific updates)
. Digitat Communication Assets (social media
narratives)
. Annual Strategic Recommendations Report
initiatives
kits, newsletters, impact
for future CSR-AICTE
4. CO.ORDINATION AND NODAL OT'FICER
Both entities shal1 mutually decide and designate a nodal officer. The nodal
officer will have responsibility for fulfilling the objectives of this understanding
and also will carry out all activities mutually agreed by the parties.
5. SCOPE
A11 initiatives and activities under the MoU shall be carried out in the academic
interest, with a non-profit approach, and should promote inclusivity.
The Parties acknowledge and agree that the Areas of Collaboration are not
exhaustive in nature and the Parties shall in good faith, negotiate to elaborate
upon the Areas of Collaboration, including additional areas of collaboration as
may be mutually agreed and the rights, responsibilities and obligations of each
Party in relation to each of the Areas of Collaboration.
6. DURATION
This MoU shall be valid from the date of signing the MoU till for THREE years
and MoU may be further extended with mutual written consent.
7. GENERAL TERMS
The MoU between the two parties, viz. organization and AICTE has no legal
binding and financial commitment whatsoever arising out of implementation of
MoU on AICTE.
8. Confidentiality Clause:
AICTE being a Central Government body is mandated to be covered under AICTE
Act. Any confidentiality clause shall be subject to provisions of the RTI Act.
CSRBOX Group shall adhere to data protection norms under the IT Act, 2000,
and comply with AICTE's internal data handling policies.
q^1- /,-6

-- 5 of 6 --

9. TERMINATION
This MoU shall also terminate without liability to either party if otherwise agreed
to by the Parties in writing with a notice period of two months.
10. PROGRESS REPORT:
The organization shall submit a progress report to AICTE every six months,
detailing the status of the activities undertaken and compliance as per the
provisions of the MoU.
11. DISPUTE SBTTLEMENT
If there is any difference of opinion between the parties in regard to any clause
of this MoU and its implementation, then it shall be resolved amicably between
the representatives nominated by good offices of both the parties through the
process of negotiation. In case the dispute is not resolved, then it shall be
referred to the Chairman, AICTE and the Head of the opposite party for amicable
settlement and the decision of Chairman AICTE will be final and binding on both
the parties.
In witness whereof the parties hereto have signed, sealed and delivered this MoU
on this 12th September, 2025 above written in presence of:
For and on behalf of All India
Council of Technical
Education
For and on behalf of CSRBOX Group
(Represented by Renalysis
Ittgo-^r* tt,*6 - -plorlbil
(Prof. Sh5rama hathl
Member Secretary, AICTE Founder & CEO, CSRBOX Group
Council
WITNESS
tr"
$

-- 6 of 6 --

